\# Product Requirements Document: Quant-to-Coinbase Mesh Connector

\| Document Version \| Status \| Date \| Author \|

\| :---\| :---\| :---\| :---\|

\| 1.0 \| Final \| 6/17/2025 \| Product Management \|

---

\### 1. Introduction & Vision

1.1. Product Purpose &Problem Statement

The Quant-to-Coinbase Mesh Connector is a production-ready middleware
service designed to bridge twodistinct blockchain ecosystems: Quant's
enterprise-grade Overledger API gateway and Coinbase's open-source Mesh
specification.

Enterprises building on the Quant platform require access to the
liquidity and innovation occurring on a wide arrayof public DLTs.
However, directly integrating with low-level specifications like
Coinbase Mesh presents significant challenges:

\* High Technical Overhead: Requires deep, chain-specific expertise and
management of complex infrastructure.

\* Inconsistent Interfaces: Lacks the unified, high-level abstraction
that enterprise developers are accustomed to with Overledger.

\* Development friction: Navigating disparate documentation and
operational models increases development time, cost, and risk.

The Quant-to-Coinbase Mesh Connector solves this by acting as an
intelligent translation layer. It seamlessly converts high-level,
familiarQuant Overledger API calls into the low-level requests required
by the Coinbase Mesh standard, abstracting away all the
underlyingcomplexity.

1.2. Strategic Vision

\> Our vision is to empower enterprises to innovate at scale by
providing a single, secure, and reliable point of access to the entire
digital asset ecosystem. This connector is a critical step, transforming
the fragmented landscape of DLTs into a unified resource for developers,
drasticallyacceleratingtime-to-market forcross-chain financial products
and services.

By uniting the enterprise-grade security and simplicity of
QuantOverledger with the expansive reach of Coinbase Mesh, we unlock
significant strategic value, enabling seamless interoperability and
fostering a more interconnected and efficient global digital economy.

---

\### 2. Target Audience & User Personas

The connector is designed for technical and business users within
organizations that are building ormanaging digital asset solutions.

\| Persona \| Role \| Core Needs & Goals \| Pain Points without the
Connector \|

\| :---\| :---\| :---\| :---\|

\| Priya \| Enterprise Developer \| -Build and maintain applicationsthat
interact with multiple blockchains.\<br\>-Use familiar tools and APIs
(Quant Overledger).\<br\>-Rapidly prototype and deploy new features. \|
-Writing and maintaining bespoke, error-prone code for each
DLT.\<br\>-Steep learning curve for new blockchain
protocols.\<br\>-Integration projects are slow and resource-intensive.
\|

\| Leo \| Blockchain Architect \| -Design secure, scalable, and
future-proof cross-chain systems.\<br\>-Ensure interoperability
withoutvendor lock-in.\<br\>-Standardize interactions across different
ledgers. \| -Inability to create a truly chain-agnostic
architecture.\<br\>-Solutions are brittle and expensive to adapt to new
DLTs.\<br\>-Security and state management across chains are complex to
design. \|

\| \![Marcus the PM\](https.i.imgur.com/uGzZ8XG.png) Marcus \| Financial
Institution PM \| -Launch new digital asset products quickly and
reliably.\<br\>-Ensure technical solutions are robust
andcompliant.\<br\>-Measure product adoption and transaction volume.\|
-Technical complexity leads to unpredictable project
timelines.\<br\>-High development costs impact business case
viability.\<br\>-Lack of a unified view of asset flows across different
networks. \|

---

\### 3. Product Features & Functionality

The product consists of two primary components: the core
ConnectorApplication and a public-facing Developer Portal.

3.1. Core API Translation Engine

This is the middleware service that performs the heavy liftingof
interoperability.

-Unified API Abstraction: Translates high-level Quant Overledger API
requests for core blockchain functions into the corresponding low-level
Coinbase Mesh specifications. Supported functions include:

> -Account balance retrieval
>
> -Value/token transfers
>
> -Smart contract read/write calls

-Authentication Proxy: Securely manages authentication and authorization
between the Quant and Mesh ecosystems.

-Asynchronous Event Handling: Utilizes a robust webhook and
pollingservice to manage asynchronousoperations and ensure reliable
state management, a critical lesson from the "Project Phoenix"
remediation phase.

-Standardized Data Model: Leverages a unified data model to ensure
consistency and predictability when interacting with different DLTs.

3.2. Advanced Multi-DLT Support

The connector is architected to be chain-agnostic, enabling seamless
interaction with any DLT supported by the Coinbase Mesh standard.

-Cross-Chain Queries:Execute a single API call to query information
(e.g., account balances) from walletsacross different blockchains, such
as Ethereum and Solana.

-Cross-Chain Execution: Initiate transactionsand smart contract calls on
different supported networks through the same unified interface.

-Extensible Architecture: Designed for the straightforward addition
ofnew DLTs as they become supported by the Mesh specification.

3.3. Comprehensive Developer Portal

A public-facing resource hub designed to minimize friction and
accelerate developer onboarding and integration.

-Interactive API Reference: Full documentation for all connector
endpoints with the ability to make test calls directly from the browser.

-Step-by-Step Tutorials: Guided walkthroughs for common use cases,such
as "Executing your first cross-chain transfer."

-Production-Ready Code Samples: Copy-paste ready code snippets in
multiple programming languages to accelerate development.

-Best Practice Guides: Documentation covering security, error handling,
and performance optimization for enterprise-grade implementations.

---

\### 4. User Stories

The following user stories illustrate the practical application of the
connector's features from the perspective ofour target personas.

\| Story ID \| Persona \| User Story \| Feature(s) Addressed \|

\| :---\| :---\| :---\| :---\|

\| US-001 \| Priya, Enterprise Developer \| "As a developer, I want to
use a single API call to check balances on both an Ethereum and a Solana
wallet, so that I can aggregate asset data without writing
chain-specific code." \| -Multi-DLT Support\<br\>-API Translation Engine
\|

\| US-002 \| Leo, Blockchain Architect \| "As a blockchain architect, I
want to execute a smart contract function on a Mesh-compatiblenetwork
via the Overledger gateway, so that our core application logic remains
chain-agnostic." \| -API Translation Engine\<br\>-Multi-DLT Support \|

\| US-003 \| Priya, Enterprise Developer \| "As a developer, I want to
find acomplete code sample for executing across-chain asset transfer in
the Developer Portal, so I can quickly integrate this functionality into
my application." \| -Developer Portal \|

\| US-004 \| Priya, Enterprise Developer \| "As a developer, I wantthe
connector to manage the state of my asynchronous transaction, notifying
my application via a webhook when it is confirmed on-chain." \| -API
Translation Engine \|

\| US-005 \| Marcus, Financial Institution PM \| "As a product manager,
Ineed to be confident that the system is fully tested and validated
before we route live customer transactions through it." \| -(Met by the
project'sextensive validation and remediation history) \|

---

\### 5. Success Metrics

Product success will be measured by a combination of adoption,
performance, and satisfaction metrics.

\| Category \| KPI \| Target \| Description \|

\| :---\| :---\| :---\| :---\|

\| Adoption & Engagement \| API Adoption Rate \| \> 50 new active
developers/month \| Number of unique API keys making productioncalls. \|

\| \| Developer Portal Engagement \| \>1,000 MAUwithin 6months \|
Monthly Active Users on the developer portal. \|

\| \| Time-to-First-Transaction \| \< 30 minutes \| Average time for a
new developer to register and execute a successful test transaction. \|

\| Performance & Reliability \| Transaction Volume \| Growth of 20%
Month-over-Month \| Total number and valueof transactions processed by
the connector. \|

\| \| API Latency (p95) \| \<500ms for balance checks \| 95th percentile
response time for critical API endpoints. \|

\| \| System Uptime \| \> 99.95% \| Availability of the core connector
service. \|

\| Quality & Satisfaction\| Developer Satisfaction(DSAT) \| \>4.5 / 5 \|
Score from surveys embedded in the Developer Portal. \|

\| \| API Error Rate \| \< 0.1% \| Percentage of API calls that result
in a non-user error(5xx). \|
